Menu
Know More
Resources for You
I want to
About Zewail City
About Zewail City
Contribution to Sustainable Development
Leadership
Faculty and Staff
Events
Campus Services
Careers at ZC
About Zewail City
Zewail City of Science and Technology is a nonprofit, independent institution of learning, research and innovation. The concept of the City was proposed in 1999 and its cornerstone laid on January 1, 2000. After numerous delays, the project was revived by the Egyptian cabinet's decree on May 11, 2011 following the January 25 Revolution. The Cabinet proclaimed it a National Project for Scientific Renaissance and named it Zewail City of Science and Technology. On December 20, 2012, a special law for Zewail City was granted, allowing students to enroll at its university and Egypt to begin a new era of modern development in scientific research and technological production.Read More
Zewail City of Science and Technology is a nonprofit, independent institution of learning, research and innovation. The concept of the City was proposed in 1999 and its cornerstone laid on January 1, 2000. After numerous delays, the project was revived by the Egyptian cabinet's decree on May 11, 2011 following the January 25 Revolution. The Cabinet proclaimed it a National Project for Scientific Renaissance and named it Zewail City of Science and Technology. On December 20, 2012, a special law for Zewail City was granted, allowing students to enroll at its university and Egypt to begin a new era of modern development in scientific research and technological production.
City Structure.
Zewail City of Science and Technology is composed of three main components that are inter-linked, but each with a separate mission:
The Founder
Dr. Ahmed Zewail is the Linus Pauling Chair Professor of Chemistry and Professor of Physics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), and the Director of the Moore Foundation’s Center for Physical Biology at Caltech
Read More
Chairman, Board of Trustees
Minister Ayman Ashour 
Higher Education and Scientific Research
Egypt
Read More
Executive President
Dr. Mahmoud Abdrabou
Acting Executive President - Zewail City of science and technology
Professor, Machine Design and Engineering Tribology
Read More
LEADERSHIP
Board of Trustees
Board of Directors
Deans
Faculty and Staff
Faculty Directory
Senior Administrative Staff
Campus Services
Discover a well-rounded university experience at Zewail City. From top-notch Athletics to modern Housing and Dining, expansive Library resources, and prioritized Wellness and Safety – we've got your every need covered for a thriving student life!...see more
...see more
EXPERIENCE CAMPUS
Come to campus and take the official tour. Visit us virtually. Or come to see us at a high school event or college fair. You’ll find that ZC is a place that’s both serious and eclectic, with groundbreaking teaching and a coolness factor that’s off the charts.
Ahmed Zewail Road, October Gardens, 6th of October City, Giza, Egypt